= rpx_authentication
http://www.github.com/Nielsomat/rpx_authentication


Allows for easy integration of rpxnow.com into your Rails app. 

	"RPX handles the UI, authentication, and import of user profile and
	registration data for your website. Get up and running in less than
	a day. It’s easy for you, and your users!" -- rpxnow.com
	


<b>This is not ready for general consumption (e.g. not finished & not functional in any but my setup)!</b>



== Installation

	./script/plugin install git://github.com/Nielsomat/rpx_authentication.git
or
	git submodule add git://github.com/Nielsomat/rpx_authentication.git vendor/plugins/rpx_authentication



== Configuration
	ordimini% cat config/initializers/rpx_authentication.rb
	RpxAuthentication.api_key = "bbk3454j35b3k4j3b4567876869b6j7bjkbjk4ba"
	RpxAuthentication.user_model = Person
	
	
	
== Usage
<b>I say it again: currently it won't work in your application without some hacking!</b>
- Stick the following into a view (possibly adapting session_url() to your setup)
		<iframe src="https://YOUR-APP-NAME.rpxnow.com/openid/embed?token_url=<%= CGI::escape(session_url()) %>"
		  scrolling="no" frameBorder="no" style="width:400px;height:240px;">
		</iframe>
- The controller responding to the above session_url should 
		include RpxAuthentication::SessionsController
	which provides a create function out of the box
- Your user model (e.g. class User < ActiveRecord::Base; end) should
		include RpxAuthentication::UserModel
	which allows for easy creation of new users from profile data provided by RPXnow.com



== TODO
- prettify
- document
- integrate with clearence
- test



Copyright (c) 2009 Niels Ganser, released under the MIT license. Even though this software is released
"as is", I accept full responsibility for any bone fractures that might directly result from using it.
So in the case of such spontaneous fracturing, feel free contact my armada of lawyers to discuss your
ridiculously high compensation claims. 



<b>Feature requests / bug reports / patches are welcomed on github or at niels at herimedia dot com!</b>